personal access token usage (#149)
devzero-inc/product-docs: admin/personal-access-tokens.md

# Personal Access Tokens

## Managing Personal Access Tokens

To manage Personal access tokens, nagivate to [User Settings](https://www.devzero.io/dashboard/settings/user-settings) and find the "Personal Access Tokens" section

To create a token, click on "Create new token". Once the token is created, be sure to copy and save the token contents somewhere secure, it will not be shown again.
<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/pat-dialog.png" alt=""><figcaption><p>Creating a devzero personal access token</p></figcaption></figure>

Deleting a token is performed in the same section.
<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/pat-delete.png" alt=""><figcaption><p>Creating a devzero personal access token</p></figcaption></figure>

## Using a personal access token

> A personal access token can be used to authenticate the devzero cli. Simply log in passing the token contents via the `--token` flag. Upon token expiry, the cli will prompt to re-authenticate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A personal access token can be used to authenticate the `dz` cli. Simply log in by passing the token contents via the `--token` flag. Upon token expiry, the cli will prompt to re-authenticate.
```
